# Personal Repository for CSC 256
## Introduction
Hi, my name is Alex. Intros are always difficult without spefic requirments so I am simply going to list some my intrests.
I love cats, I have a baby boy named tiger who loves to cuddle and meow.
I love video games and board games, from both a design and an artistic perspective. 
My favorite game is Monster Hunter: World, which is a pretty recent installment of the Monster Hunter series made by Capcom. The central premise can be picked up from the name alone: you as the player, are tasked with hunting "monsters" that threatan your home. What is interested about this series to me is the attetion to detail and consistency with which the games are created. The monsters you hunt are always more or less simply megafauna that occupy their own location within the regional ecology. They are large and powerful animals that you must learn how they move and behave in order to bring them down. The player does not gain new powers as they progress, simply better armor and weapons from the parts of previous monsters, as well as experince and skill. The gameplay loop has stayed the same since the first monster hunter game: prepare for hunt (eating a meal, gathering items, equiping gear) -> go on hunt, where you as the player must learn the behavior of the monster you are hunting and slowly do damage to it over the course of a 10 - 30 minute hunt. The monsters you face hit hard and take a lot of hits to go down, so every new beast is a new learning experince -> when the monster finnaly is brought down, you carve the monster for materials and take those materials to a smithy, where you can then forge new weapons and armor that allow the hunter access to new skills -> prepare and go on another hunt. What really makes the game shine and special to me, is the amount of attetion that has been given to every part of this process. Every monster has its unique identy, and place in the ecosystem outside of what it does for you the player. The armor and weapons you craft are styled off of the monster you made them from, and bequeath skills to the player that are thematic. The preperation for the hunt in gearing up, picking out items, and eating a meal all have their own unique systems that can be learned. 
Forcing myself to stop here because i will go on forever but I will probably come back to this. 
I was given no guidlines for this intro so there is a mini infodump about Monster Hunter.
